c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\SampleMvcWebApp.dll.config
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\SampleMvcWebApp.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\SampleMvcWebApp.pdb
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\obj\Debug\SampleMvcWebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\obj\Debug\SampleMvcWebApp.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\obj\Debug\SampleMvcWebApp.pdb
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Resources\Images\bg1.png
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Resources\Images\DevOpsCOE_Logo.png
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Resources\Images\helloWorld.jpg
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Resources\Images\nagarro_logo.png
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\ashutosh2547\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\BusinessLayer.pdb
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Resources\Images\bg1.png
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Resources\Images\DevOpsCOE_Logo.png
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Resources\Images\helloWorld.jpg
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Resources\Images\nagarro_logo.png
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\SampleMvcWebApp.dll.config
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\SampleMvcWebApp.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\SampleMvcWebApp.pdb
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\BusinessLayer.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\BusinessLayer.pdb
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\obj\Debug\SampleMvcWebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\obj\Debug\SampleMvcWebApp.dll
F:\SampleMvcWebApp\SampleMvcWebApp\obj\Debug\SampleMvcWebApp.pdb
